# February-2-Git
Week 5 lab github practice

IAT 339
This is file created to practice using github kraken in preperation for P02.

steps to complete the exercise
Create a new repository on GitHub with its default settings, DO NOT initialize it on GitHub.
On GitKraken, click "Open a project", and "clone", then select "GitHub", clone the repository you just created to a directory (folder) on your computer.
GitKraken will prompt you to open that repository, and then prompt you to initialize. Follow those prompts to open and then initialize your repository.
Create a new file named .gitignore in the repository and place  .DS_Store in the first line of the file to set up git to ignore all files called .DS_Store (these are files often generated by the Mac OS).
Stage and commit the changes with a meaningful commit message.
Edit the readme.md file in the repository to include an explanation of your repository.
Stage and commit the changes with a meaningful commit message.
 Create a new branch named addingIndex and switch to this branch (GitKraken should have done the switching automatically for you). 
Create a new file named index.html n the repository. Commit the change with a meaningful commit message.
Switch back to the master branch.
Merge the addingIndex branch into the branch.
Edit the readme.md file in the repository to include any references for friends or materials accessed to help in completing the exercise.
Push your changes to GitHub.

link to html5 template: https://gist.github.com/cpjobling/1988786